In space, nobody can hear you scream.

The only thing new is the history you don't know.

The terror is to wake up one morning and discover that your high school class is running the country.

In my many years I have come to a conclusion that one useless man is a shame, two is a law firm and three or more is a congress.

Imitation is the best form of flattery.

Only the wisest and the stupidest of men never change.

No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible.

Let's just be friends and make no special effort to ever see each other again. 

For of all sad words of tongue or pen, the saddest are these: "it might have been..."

You want to know why I kept getting promoted? Because my mouth knows more than my brain.

The Ancient Doctrine of Mind Over Matter: I don't mind... and you don't matter.

I've already told you more than I know.

It is not unusual for me to have nothing useful to say. It is only unusual for me to admit it.

May you live every day of your life. - Jonathan Swift

Luck, not effort, plays the largest role in who succeeds in our society.

I want to die in my sleep peacefully, like my grandfather. Not screaming in terror, like his passengers.

Make sure you never risk more than you can afford to lose.

It was the excitement of the forbidden, the danger of the unknown and the thrill of the unexpected schadenfreude, or revelling in the misery of others.

Old too soon, smart too late.

Success breeds imitation, and imitation breeds mediocrity.

Most of our lives are about proving something, either to ourselves or to someone else.

You are a fluke of the universe; you have no right to be here.

A computer without COBOL and Fortran is like a piece of chocolate cake without ketchup and mustard.

The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore, all progress depends on the unreasonable man.

Nothing is ever a total loss; it can always serve as a bad example.

Misery loves company, but company does not reciprocate.

Truth is stranger than fiction, because fiction has to make sense.

Charm is a way of getting the answer "Yes" without having asked any clear question.

What is worth doing is worth the trouble of asking somebody to do.

To be wise, the only thing you really need to know is when to say "I don't know."

Life is like a buffet; it's not good but there's plenty of it.

In my end is my beginning. -- Mary Stuart, Queen of Scots

"I feel like I'm running a small nursery with someone I used to date." Hawke, Before sunset

A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject.

Although prepared for martyrdom, I preferred that it be postponed.

He has all the virtues I dislike and none of the vices I admire.

History will be kind to me for I intend to write it.

However beautiful the strategy, you should occasionally look at the results.

It has been said that democracy is the worst form of government except all the others that have been tried.

It is a mistake to try to look too far ahead. The chain of destiny can only be grasped one link at a time.

It's not enough that we do our best; sometimes we have to do what's required.

Success is the ability to go from one failure to another with no loss of enthusiasm.

The price of greatness is responsibility.

When the eagles are silent, the parrots begin to jabber.

It is a good thing for an uneducated man to read books of quotations.

I am prepared to meet my Maker. Whether my Maker is prepared for the great ordeal of meeting me is another matter.

The empires of the future are the empires of the mind.

We shall show mercy, but we shall not ask for it.

Before God we are all equally wise - and equally foolish.

If you are out to describe the truth, leave elegance to the tailor.

Imagination is more important than knowledge...

It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education.

Only two things are infinite, the universe and human stupidity, and I'm not sure about the former.

The important thing is not to stop questioning.

Try not to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value.

Common sense is the collection of prejudices acquired by age eighteen.

Everything should be made as simple as possible, but not one bit simpler.

If the facts don't fit the theory, change the facts.

Insanity: doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results.

Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.

You cannot simultaneously prevent and prepare for war.

At any rate, I am convinced that He [God] does not play dice.

All paid jobs absorb and degrade the mind.

Education is the best provision for the journey to old age.

Happiness depends upon ourselves.

Poverty is the parent of revolution and crime.

The gods too are fond of a joke.

A banker is a fellow who lends you his umbrella when the sun is shining, but wants it back the minute it begins to rain.

Be careful about reading health books. You may die of a misprint.

Clothes make the man. Naked people have little or no influence on society.

I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.

In Paris they simply stared when I spoke to them in French; I never did succeed in making those idiots understand their language.

It is easier to stay out than get out.

A wise man gets more use from his enemies than a fool from his friends.

Forgive your enemies, but never forget their names.

Friends may come and go, but enemies accumulate.

It is easier to forgive an enemy than to forgive a friend.

Three grand essentials to happiness in this life are something to do, something to love, and something to hope for. 

Knowledge becomes wisdom only after it has been put to practical use. 

Character is made by many acts; it may be lost by a single one. 

The difference between medicine and poison is the dose.

The greatest of all faults is to be conscious of none. 

A proverb is a short sentence based on long experience. 

True deception goes unnoticed.

Poetry: the best words in the best order.

Desperation is sometimes as powerful an inspirer as genius.

A conservative government is an organized hypocrisy.

A man who loses his money, gains, at the least, experience, and sometimes, something better.

A precedent embalms a principle.

Action may not always bring happiness but there is no happiness without action.

As a general rule the most successful man in life is the man who has the best information.

As a rule, he or she who has the most information will have the greatest success in life.

Assassination has never changed the history of the world.

Change is inevitable. In a progressive country change is constant.

I must follow the people. Am I not their leader.

I never deny, I never contradict. I sometimes forget.

My idea of an agreeable person is a person who agrees with me.

Never apologize for showing feeling. When you do so, you apologize for truth.

Never complain and never explain.

The secret of success is constancy of purpose.

The wisdom of the wise and the experience of the ages are perpetuated by quotations.

Genius is one percent inspiration and ninty-nine percent perspiration. 

Men are what their mothers made them.

It is better to be silent, and be thought a fool, than to speak and remove all doubt. 

Do not mistake a child for his symptom. 

You cannot build a reputation on what you are going to do. 

If fifty million people say a foolish thing, it is still a foolish thing. 

Three can keep a secret if two of them are dead. 

Be civil to all, sociable to many, familiar to few, friend to one, enemy to none. 

Creditors have better memories than debtors. 

He that will not sail till all dangers are over must never put to sea.

There is nothing in a caterpillar that tells you it's going to be a butterfly. 

Dare to be naive. 

The greatness of a nation can be judged by the way its animals are treated.

Nothing is as terrible to see as ignorance in action. 

There is always one moment in childhood when the door opens and lets the future in. 

Four things come not back: the spoken word, the spent arrow, the past, the neglected opportunity

No one can be right all of the time, but it helps to be right most of the time. 

Experience is a good school but the fees are high.

Old age is fifteen years older than I am.

Pride comes before the fall.

He who can, does. He who cannot, teaches.

There is no love sincerer than the love of food.

No man fully capable of his own language ever masters another.

Never confuse movement with action.

Since we cannot know all that there is to be known about anything, we ought to know a little about everything.

Minds, like bodies, will often fall into a pimpled, ill-conditioned state from mere excess of comfort.

There is always something for which to be thankful.

Subdue your appetites, my dears, and you've conquered human nature.

Don't be so humble - you are not that great.

The only competition worthy of a wise man is with himself.

Vote early and vote often.

You can go a long way with a smile. You can go a lot farther with a smile and a gun.

I am like any other man. All I do is supply a demand.

We are never so defenseless against suffering as when we love.

From error to error, one discovers the entire truth.

There was never a genius without a tincture of madness.

Happiness depends upon ourselves.

Piety requires us to honor truth above our friends.

Probable impossibilities are to be preferred to improbable possibilities.

It is unbecoming for young men to utter maxims.

A whole is that which has beginning, middle and end.

Dignity consists not in possessing honors, but in the consciousness that we deserve them.

Be slow to fall into friendship but when thou art in, continue firm and constant.

Let him that would move the world, first move himself.

Do not do to others what angers you if done to you by others.

Wisdom begins in wonder.

We do not remember days, we remember moments. 

Television has changed the American child from an irresistible force to an immovable object.

Every act of creation is first of all an act of destruction.

The best way to have a good idea is to have lots of ideas. 

Remember that life is not measured in hours but in accomplishments. 

In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice; in practice, there is.

Live your life so that whenever you lose, you are ahead. 

Happiness is nothing more than good health and a bad memory. 

Education is what survives when what has been learned has been forgotten.

There is no sense in crying over spilt milk.

A short saying often contains much wisdom. 

You should hammer your iron when it is glowing hot.

A mind all logic is like a knife all blade. It makes the hand bleed that uses it. 

I am a part of all that I have seen. 

The secret source of Humor itself is not joy but sorrow. There is no humor in heaven.

Progress is not created by contented people.

Common sense is not so common.

It is dangerous to be right when the government is wrong. 

Judge a man by his questions rather than by his answers.

Human history becomes more and more a race between education and catastrophe.

It matters not how many fish are in the sea . . . if you don't have any bait on your hook.

Ability is a poor man's wealth. 

When you're as great as I am, it's hard to be humble. 

Confidence is what you have before you understand the problem. 

My one regret in life is that I am not someone else.

Money can't buy happiness; it can, however, rent it.

80 percent of success in life is just showing up.

Except for an occasional heart attack I feel as young as I ever did.

Time is a great teacher, but unfortunately it kills all its pupils.

I have only one ambition left: I should like to have a good epitaph.

Eternal nothingness is fine if you happen to be dressed for it.

Money is better than poverty, if only for financial reasons.

My education was dismal. I went to a series of schools for mentally disturbed teachers.

Organized crime in America takes in over forty billion dollars a year and spends very little on office supplies.

Always laugh when you can. It is cheaper than medicine.

Alter your attitude and you can alter your life.

All kids are gifted; some just open their packages earlier than others.

Knowledge talks, wisdom listens.

Don’t let your victories go to your head, or your failures go to your heart.

Those who criticize our generation forget who raised it.

Criticizing is easy, art is difficult.

Not to care for philosophy is to be a true philospher.

The mind is like a parachute. It doesn’t work unless it’s open.

The best mind-altering drug is truth.

Never forget what a man says to you when he is angry.

If you are not part of the solution, then you are part of the problem.

The only time you run out of chances is when you stop taking them.

The best things in life are not things.

One must be a god to be able to tell successes from failures without making a mistake.

Experience is simply the name we give our mistakes.

Courage is going from failure to failure without losing enthusiasm.

The only real failure in life is the failure to try.

Marriage is an adventure, like going to war.

Marriage is a wonderful invention: then again, so is a bicycle repair kit.

Marriage is like a phone call in the night: first the ring, and then you wake up

My wife suggested a book for me to read to enhance our relationship. It’s titled: Women are from Venus, Men are Wrong.

When a man steals your wife there is no better revenge than to let him keep her.

It’s a funny thing that when a man hasn’t anything on earth to worry about, he goes off and gets married.

Love is blind, marriage is the eye-opener.

I was married by a judge. I should have asked for a jury.

I don’t worry about terrorism. I was married for two years

A man in love is incomplete until he is married. Then he’s finished.

There’s a way of transferring funds that is even faster than electronic banking. It’s called marriage.

Your marriage is in trouble if your wife says, ‘You’re only interested in one thing,’ and you can’t remember what it is.

Marriage is give and take. You’d better give it to her or she’ll take it anyway.

You know what I did before I married? Anything I wanted to.

The husband who wants a happy marriage should learn to keep his mouth shut and his checkbook open.

My wife and I were happy for twenty years. Then we met.

We always hold hands. If I let go, she shops.

A man’s wife has more power over him than the state has.

In my house I’m the boss, my wife is just the decision maker.

Marriage is the only war in which you sleep with the enemy.

The secret of a happy marriage remains a secret.

Marriage is like a hot bath. Once you get used to it, it’s not so hot.

There is no more lovely, friendly and charming relationship, communion or company than a good marriage.

Marriage is nature’s way of keeping us from fighting with strangers.

The appropriate age for marriage is around eighteen for girls and thirty-seven for men.

Bachelors know more about women than married men; if they didn’t, they’d be married too.

I got rid of my husband. The cat was allergic.

I require only three things of a man. He must be handsome, ruthless and stupid.

Keep your eyes wide open before marriage, and half-shut afterwards.

I never knew what real happiness was until I got married. And by then it was too late.

Marriage has no guarantees. If that’s what you’re looking for, go live with a car battery.

Marriage is a wonderful institution, but who wants to live in an institution?

I have great faith in fools; self-confidence my friends call it.

It’s not cheating unless you get caught.

Quitting smoking is the easiest thing in the world. I’ve done it dozens of times.

I think crime pays. The hours are good, you travel a lot.

I hope life isn’t a joke, because I don’t get it.

When I read about the evils of drinking, I gave up reading.

Flying is simple. You just throw yourself at the ground and miss.

Avoid hangovers: stay drunk.

Most people are only alive because it is illegal to shoot them.

Life is a waste of time and time is a waste of life, so waste your time and have the time of your life !

As long as there are tests, there will be prayer in schools.

I’m knot a blonde! I’m knot, I’m knot, I’m knot!

Girls want a lot of things from one guy. Conversely, guys want one thing from a lot of girls.

I’ve got problem for your solution.

Some say the glass is half full, some say the glass is half empty. I say “Are you gonna drink that?”

Your school GPA is inversely proportionate to your girlfriend’s looks and vise versa.

Everyone has a photographic memory, some just don’t have film.

Common sense is the most evenly distributed quantity in the world. Everyone thinks he has enough.

All people have the right to stupidity but some abuse the privilege.

When I was born I was so surprised I didn’t talk for a year and a half.

Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk by again ?

Come live in my heart, and pay no rent.

It’s not my fault that I fell for you, you tripped me!

Flirting is the art of making a man feel pleased with himself.

I would fly you to the moon and back if you’ll be... if you’ll be my baby.

All women are flirts, but some are restrained by shyness, and others by sense.

Flirtation: attention without intention.

Flirting is the art of keeping intimacy at a safe distance.

Oops! I lost my mobile number! Could I have yours?

Are you lost ma’am? Because heaven is a long way from here.

I have had a really bad day today and it always makes me feel better to see a pretty girl smile. So, would you please smile for me?

If your heart was a prison, I would like to be sentenced for life.

You’re so sweet there’s a wanted poster for you at the candy store.

Let make it short and simple, I love you.

I’m an organ donor, need anything?

You remind me of my next girlfriend.

My friend wants to know if you think I’m hot

Do you believe in love at first sight or should I walk by again ?

Beauty is power and a smile is its sword.

It’s okay, you dont have to stop staring, that just means you’re interested.

Did the sun just come out or did you just smile at me?

If nothing lasts for ever, will you be my nothing?

A woman will flirt with anyone in the world as long as other people are looking on.

Roses are red, violets are blue, sugar is sweet but nothing compared to you.

Single and looking… anyone wanna be found?

Can’t wait until tomorrow, because I bet that you get more and more beautiful everyday.

Can I borrow a quarter? -What for? I want to call my mother and tell her I just met the girl of my dreams.

What time do you have to be back in heaven?

Are you tired? Because you’ve been running through my mind all day.

Every night I go home crying because I’ll have to wait until tomorrow to see you again.

Hi, I’m Mr. Right. Someone said you were looking for me?

Fiction writing is great, you can make up almost anything.

I owe a lot to my parents, especially my mother and father.

Only the wisest and stupidest of men never change.

STUPID = Smart Talented Unique Person In Demand

With fame I become more and more stupid, which of course is a very common phenomenon.

I say no to drugs, but they don’t listen.

He who laughs last probably doesn’t understand the joke.

Behind every successful woman is a basket of dirty laundry.

Every artist was first an amateur.

The purpose of life is a life of purpose.

To succeed in life, you need three things: a wishbone, a backbone and a funnybone.

Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriors go to war first and then seek to win.

If you stand straight, do not fear a crooked shadow.

Deal with the faults of others as gently as with your own.

If you don’t want anyone to know, don’t do it.

Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness.

You cannot prevent the birds of sadness from passing over your head, but you can prevent their making a nest in your hair.

Do not confine your children to your own learning, for they were born in another time.

Teachers open the door but you must walk through it yourself.

Be not afraid of going slowly, be afraid only of standing still.

A gem cannot be polished without friction, nor a man perfected without trials.

To talk much and arrive nowhere is the same as climbing a tree to catch a fish.

Kissing is like drinking salted water: you drink and your thirst increases.

If heaven made him, earth can find some use for him.

The most wasted of all days is one without laughter.

Men always want to be a woman’s first love - women like to be a man’s last romance.

Never insult anyone by accident.

Insults should be written in sand, compliments should be carved in stone.

A chain is only as strong as its weakest link

A change is as good as a rest

A fool and his money are soon parted

A friend in need is a friend indeed

A good beginning makes a good ending

A good man is hard to find

A house divided against itself cannot stand

A house is not a home

A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step

A leopard cannot change its spots

A little knowledge is a dangerous thing

A little of what you fancy does you good

A miss is as good as a mile

A new broom sweeps clean

A nod's as good as a wink to a blind horse

A penny saved is a penny earned

A person is known by the company he keeps

A picture paints a thousand words

A place for everything and everything in its place

A problem shared is a problem halved

A prophet is not recognized in his own land

A rolling stone gathers no moss

A stitch in time saves nine

A thing of beauty is a joy forever

A volunteer is worth twenty pressed men

A watched pot never boils

A woman's place is in the home

A woman's work is never done

Absolute power corrupts absolutely

Actions speak louder than words

All good things come to he who waits

All that glisters is not gold

All the world loves a lover

All things must pass

All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy

All you need is love

All's fair in love and war

An Englishman's home is his castle

An apple a day keeps the doctor away

An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure

As you sow so shall you reap

Ask no questions and hear no lies

Attack is the best form of defence

Barking dogs seldom bite

Beauty is in the eye of the beholder

Beauty is only skin deep

Beggars can't be choosers

Behind every great man there's a great woman

Better late than never

Better safe than sorry

Better the Devil you know than the Devil you don't

Better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all

Better to remain silent and be thought a fool that to speak and remove all doubt

Beware of Greeks bearing gifts

Birds of a feather flock together

Blood is thicker than water

Boys will be boys

Charity begins at home

Cleanliness is next to godliness

Cold hands, warm heart

Comparisons are odius

Count you blessings

Cut your coat to suit your cloth

Discretion is the better part of valour

Do as you would be done by

Do unto others as you would have them do unto you

Don't bite the hand that feeds you

Don't burn your bridges behind you

Don't change horses in midstream

Don't count your chickens before they are hatched

Don't cross the bridge till you come to it

Don't keep a dog and bark yourself

Don't let the bastards grind you down

Don't look a gift horse in the mouth

Don't put all your eggs in one basket

Don't put new wine into old bottles

Don't rock the boat

Don't spoil the ship for a ha'pworth of tar

Don't try to teach your Grandma to suck eggs

Don't try to walk before you can crawl

Don't upset the apple-cart

Doubt is the beginning not the end of wisdom

Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy wealthy and wise 

Easy come, easy go

Empty vessels make the most noise

Enough is as good as a feast

Enough is enough

Every dark cloud has a silver lining

Every dog has his day

Every man has his price

Every stick has two ends

Everybody wants to go to heaven but nobody wants to die

Failing to plan is planning to fail

Faint heart never won fair lady

Faith will move mountains

Familiarity breeds contempt

Finders keepers, losers weepers

First things first

Fish and guests smell after three days

Flattery will get you nowhere

Fools rush in where angels fear to tread

Forewarned is forearmed

Fortune favours the brave

God helps those who help themselves

Good fences make good neighbours

Good talk saves the food

Good things come to those who wait

Great minds think alike

Half a loaf is better than no bread

Handsome is as handsome does

Hard work never did anyone any harm

Haste makes waste

He who hesitates is lost

He who laughs last laughs longest

He who lives by the sword shall die by the sword

He who pays the piper calls the tune

Hindsight is always twenty-twenty

History repeats itself

Home is where the heart is

If God had meant us to fly he'd have given us wings

If a job is worth doing it is worth doing well

If at first you don't succeed try, try and try again

If ifs and ands were pots and pans there'd be no work for tinkers 

If life deals you lemons, make lemonade

If the mountain won't come to Mohammed, Mohammed must go to the mountain

If wishes were horses beggars would ride

If you can't be good, be careful.

If you can't beat em, join em

If you can't stand the heat get out of the kitchen

Imitation is the sincerest form of flattery

In the kingdom of the blind the one eyed man is king

In the midst of life we are in death

Into every life a little rain must fall

It goes without saying

It never rains but it pours

It takes a thief to catch a thief

It takes one to know one

It's all grist to the mill

It's an ill wind that blows no one any good

It's better to give than to receive

It's better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all 

It's better to light a candle than curse the darkness

It's better to travel hopefully than to arrive

It's never too late

It's no use locking the stable door after the horse has bolted

It's not worth crying over spilt milk

It's the early bird that gets the worm

It's the empty can that makes the most noise

It's the squeaky wheel that gets the grease

Jack of all trades, master of none 

Keep your chin up

Keep your powder dry

Laugh and the world laughs with you, weep and, you weep alone

Laughter is the best medicine

Let bygones be bygones

Let not the sun go down on your wrath

Let sleeping dogs lie

Let the punishment fit the crime

Life begins at forty

Life is what you make it

Life's not all beer and skittles

Lightening never strikes twice in the same place

Like father, like son

Little pitchers have big ears

Live for today for tomorrow never comes

Look before you leap

Love is blind

Make love not war

Man does not live by bread alone

Many a little makes a mickle 

Marry in haste, repent at leisure

Mighty oaks from little acorns grow

Misery loves company

Money doesn't grow on trees

Money makes the world go round

Money talks

More haste, less speed

Music has charms to soothe the savage breast

Nature abhors a vacuum

Necessity is the mother of invention

Never judge a book by its cover

Never put off until tomorrow what you can do today

No man is an island

No one can make you feel inferior without your consent

No rest for the wicked

Nothing is certain but death and taxes

Oil and water don't mix

Old soldiers never die, they just fade away

One good turn deserves another

Only fools and horses work

Opportunity only knocks once

Out of sight, out of mind

Pearls of wisdom

People who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones

Possession is nine tenths of the law

Power corrupts; absolute power corrupts absolutely

Practice makes perfect

Pride comes before a fall

Procrastination is the thief of time

Put your best foot forward

Red sky at night shepherds delight; red sky in the morning, shepherds warning

Revenge is a dish best served cold

Rome wasn't built in a day

Spare the rod and spoil the child

Speak softly and carry a big stick

Still waters run deep

Stupid is as stupid does

Talk is cheap

That which does not kill us makes us stronger

The Devil finds work for idle hands to do

The best defence is a good offence

The boy is father to the man

The cobbler always wears the worst shoes

The darkest hour is just before the dawn

The early bird catches the worm

The ends justify the means

The exception which proves the rule

The hand that rocks the cradle rules the world

The longest journey starts with a single step

The more things change, the more they stay the same

The pen is mightier than sword

The proof of the pudding is in the eating 

The way to a man's heart is through his stomach

There are none so blind as those, that will not see

There but for the grace of God, go I

There's always more fish in the sea

There's many a slip twixt cup and lip

There's more than one way to skin a cat

There's no fool like an old fool

There's no place like home

There's no smoke without fire

There's no such thing as a free lunch

There's no such thing as bad publicity

There's no time like the present

There's none so deaf as they that will not hear

There's one born every minute

Those who do not learn from history are doomed to repeat it

Those who sleep with dogs will rise with fleas

Time and tide wait for no man

Time is a great healer

To err is human, to forgive divine

To the victor go the spoils

To travel hopefully is a better thing than to arrive

Tomorrow never comes

Too many cooks spoil the broth

Truth is stranger than fiction

Two heads are better then one

Two wrongs don't make a right

Walk softly but carry a big stick

Waste not want not

When the cat's away the mice will play

Where there's a will there's a way

Worrying never did anyone any good

You can lead a horse to water, but you can't make it drink

You can't get blood out of a stone

You can't make a silk purse from a sow's ear

You can't make an omelette without breaking eggs

You can't make bricks without straw

You can't teach an old dog new tricks

You can't tell a book by looking at its cover

You catch more flies with honey than with vinegar

Youth is wasted on the young

A bad settlement is better than a good lawsuit.

It's better to be idiot than to pretend wise

A coin of gold is delighting in a bag of silver coins. Meaning: English people make modest company.

Fool me once, shame on you. Fool me twice, shame on me.

Power = Money / Responsibility

To a man with a hammer, every problem looks like a nail.

All roads are open when you don't know where your going.

Hookt on fonics werked 4 me.

Sometimes just a few hours of trial and error debugging can save minutes of reading manuals.

The future ain't what it use to be.

I want to die peacefully in my sleep like my Grandpa, not kicking and screaming like the passengers in his car.

The early bird may get the worm, but it's the second mouse that gets the cheese!

When you first enter the monkey house at the zoo it smells terrible. But after awhile it dosen't smell so bad.

Convictions are more dangerous enemies of truth, than are lies.

There are 10 types of people - those who know binary, and those who don't.

Sunlight is the best disinfectant.

If I had eight hours to chop down a tree, I'd spend six sharpening my axe!

Never underestimate the power of a belief system to circumvent morality and common decency. - BroHogan

If you take something apart and put it back together enough times, you'll eventually have two of them.

Business would run so much smoother without customers.

The perfect is the enemy of the good.

Just like a dog walking on its hind legs one marvels, not that it is done well, but that it is done at all.

You never know when you're making a memory.

